DOCS-#3850: Elaborate on modin.core.dataframe.base and .pandas (#3851)
modin-project/modin: docs/flow/modin/core/dataframe/pandas/index.rst

Modin PandasDataframe Objects
=============================

``modin.core.dataframe.pandas`` is the package which houses common implementations
of different Modin internal classes used by most `pandas`-based :doc:`storage formats</flow/modin/core/storage_formats>`.

> It also double-serves as the full example of how to implement Modin backend pieces (sans the :doc:`execution part</flow/modin/core/execution/dispatching>` which is absent here),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also double-serves as the full example of how to implement Modin execution backend pieces (sans the :doc:`execution part</flow/modin/core/execution/dispatching>` which is absent here),
```

> as it implements everything a backend needs to be fully conformant to Modin expectations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as it implements everything an execution backend needs to be fully conformant to Modin expectations.
```
